Dave's right I am scared to leave new york again.  I know I'm not strong enough.  It's true that my addiction has flarred up since coming back, but the other
thing is worse.  Because the other thing is suicidial thoughts.  I've done everything I can to keep from being suicidial but if I leave all my friends and family
here, I will resume my path to complete self destruction.  My friends keep my balanced.  By having fun and having people I can trust I keep from getting hurt.
If I have to rely on a friend base that I can't trust, when things get bad I will get into trouble again.  If that happens, I will kill myself.  There is no
way around it.  I'm not going to be able to take the time to move on.  My friends are what keep my alive.  Without them I will put a bullet through my head.
There is no way around it.  Moving to DC could mean my death.  One of three things would need to happen:

1) snowflake dies
2) Mom dies
3) Dad dies

If any of these things happen, I will not be able to handle it.  I will go into such a deep depression that I won't be able to come out.  And the place that
helps me stay strong has other problems.  New York City is a cancer and toxic place.  The more time I spend there the worse I am.  So every time I go to the
city I feel worse off.  So between New York City and the move to DC things are not looking good.  

I am not over any of it yet.  I am not over the death of my grandparents.  I am not over losing Chelsea.  I am not over losing Noam.  I am not over losing
Mark.  I am not over losing Jubal.  I am over none of it.  And most importantly, I am not over losing Alex.  I still miss her.  Because she is my soul mate.
That doesn't change with time.  I chose her forever.  And she may not love me back.  She may never love me back.  But I still love her, deeply.  I bound my
self to her.  I know it was wrong.  I know it was foolish.  I thought I had put in the time.  I thought it would just work.  Some times, things don't work.
It's because I played with her that she loved me.  Not because she loved me.  I wanted a life with her so badly.  I wanted to give her the world.

I wanted to die with her.  To get old with her.  To get fat with her.  To move in with her.  To love her and only her.  I was still a kid.  I didn't understand.
I'm not an adult like she was.  I was too much a child still.  I didn't understand the professional world yet.  If she had given me time.  If she had taught me how,
I would have learned.  I know it all now.  We could have been together.  We could have been inlove forever.  I would have done anything for her.  I would have
done everything with her.  We would have been so happy.  We would have succeeded so much.

She was the greatest part of me.  And now she is gone.  And now I am weak.  Some wounds don't heal.  Some wounds stay.  This one stays with me.  As it always will.
There is nothing I can do.  I can feel it.  But it's still deep.  Yes, it's been six years now.  But that's how old our son would have been.  I would have done anything
for him.  I would have fought for him.  I would have learned what I needed to.  I would have been a father.  I would have had her love.  And yes, there would have been fights.
But so what?  I would have a family.  I would have a life worth leading.  One so much more important than all of my stupid ideals.  I would have had something real.

I understand now how my mom feels about family.  I get it.  That sense of purpose.  That sense of knowing you have people you love.  I am bound to my parents just as I am bound to her.
Except, I chose to be bound to Alex.  I chose to be bound to that life.  And so, how could it be bad.  Why God?  Why did you take her from me?  Why did you do this one thing?

Maybe this scar will never heal.  Maybe I don't deserve love now.  Maybe I deserve hatred.  Maybe I deserve disgust.  I disgust myself.  I am weak and fat and old.  I am dumb and weak.
I am none of the things I was.  I was so much more than this.  And now I am just nothing.  Nothing at all.
